[Docs] LDAP authentication for YCQL (#9987)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/secure/authentication/ldap-authentication-ycql.md

   <td>ycql_use_ldap
   </td>
   <td>Flag to enable LDAP for YCQL.
   </td>
   <td><code>false</code>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>ycql_ldap_users_to_skip_csv 
   </td>
   <td>Users that are authenticated via the local password mechanism even if ycql_use_ldap=true. This is a comma separated list.
   </td>
   <td><code>''</code>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>ycql_ldap_server
   </td>
   <td>LDAP server endpoint of the form scheme://ip:port. Scheme can be ldap (or) ldaps.
   </td>
   <td><code>''</code>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>ycql_ldap_tls (Not supported yet)
   </td>
   <td>Connect to LDAP server using TLS encryption
   </td>
   <td><code>false</code>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Simple Bind Mode

In **simple-bind** mode, YB-TServer will bind to the Distinguished Name (“DN”) constructed with “prefix username suffix” format. Here is an example for Simple bind mode:

```sh
--use_cassandra_authentication=true --ycql_use_ldap=true --ycql_ldap_server=ldap://ldap.yugabyte.com:389 --ycql_ldap_user_prefix=uid= --ycql_ldap_user_suffix=, ou=DBAs, dc=example, dc=com --ycql_ldap_users_to_skip_csv=cassandra
```

### Configurations

The configuration specific to simple bind mode.

> <table>
>   <tr>
>    <td><strong>Tserver gflag name</strong>
>    </td>
>    <td><strong>Description</strong>
>    </td>
>    <td><strong>Default value</strong>
>    </td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>    <td>ycql_ldap_user_prefix
>    </td>
>    <td>String used for prepending the user name when forming the DN for binding to the LDAP server
>    </td>
>    <td><code>''</code>
>    </td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>    <td>ycql_ldap_user_suffix
>    </td>
>    <td>String used for appending the user name when forming the DN for binding to the LDAP Server
>    </td>
>    <td><code>''</code>
>    </td>
>   </tr>
> </table>

Reviewer: Eliminating this HTML table too
```suggestion
| T-Server Gflag name | Default value | Description |
| :------------------ | :------------ | :---------- |
| `ycql_ldap_user_prefix` | (empty) | String to prepend to the user name when forming the DN for binding to the LDAP server |
| `ycql_ldap_user_suffix` | (empty) | String to append to the user name when forming the DN for binding to the LDAP server |
```

For Searching the LDAP directory if no fixed username and password is configured at YB-TServer, an anonymous bind will be attempted to the directory. The search will be performed over the subtree at `ycql_ldap_base_dn`, and will try to do an exact match of the attribute specified in `ycql_ldap_search_attribute`. Once the user has been found in this search, the server disconnects and re-binds to the directory as this user, using the password specified by the client, to verify that the login is correct.

Here is an example for search + bind mode:

```sh
--use_cassandra_authentication=true --ycql_use_ldap=true --ycql_ldap_server=ldap://ldap.yugabyte.com:389 --ycql_ldap_base_dn="dc=yugabyte, dc=com" --ycql_ldap_bind_dn="cn=admin,dc=example,dc=org" --ycql_ldap_bind_passwd=admin --ycql_ldap_search_attribute=uid
```

### Configurations

The configurations supported for search + bind mode.

> <table>
>   <tr>
>    <td><strong>Tserver gflag name</strong>
>    </td>
>    <td><strong>Description</strong>
>    </td>
>    <td><strong>Default value</strong>
>    </td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>    <td>ycql_ldap_base_dn
>    </td>
>    <td>Specifies the base directory to begin the user name search
>    </td>
>    <td><code>''</code>
>    </td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>    <td>ycql_ldap_bind_dn
>    </td>
>    <td>Specifies the username to perform the initial search when doing search + bind authentication
>    </td>
>    <td><code>''</code>
>    </td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>    <td>ycql_ldap_bind_passwd
>    </td>
>    <td>Password for username being used to perform the initial search when doing search + bind authentication
>    </td>
>    <td><code>''</code>
>    </td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>    <td>ycql_ldap_search_attribute
>    </td>
>    <td>Attribute to match against the username in the search when doing search + bind authentication. If no attribute is specified, the uid attribute is used
>    </td>
>    <td><code>''</code>
>    </td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>    <td>ycql_ldap_search_filter (not supported yet)
>    </td>
>    <td>The search filter to use when doing search + bind authentication
>    </td>
>    <td><code>''</code>
>    </td>
>   </tr>
> </table>

Reviewer: Let's kill all the HTML tables!
```suggestion
| T-Server Gflag name | Default value | Description |
| :------------------ | :------------ | :---------- |
| `ycql_ldap_base_dn` | (empty) | Base directory to begin the user name search |
| `ycql_ldap_bind_dn` | (empty) | Username to perform the initial search when doing search + bind authentication |
| `ycql_ldap_bind_passwd` | (empty) | Password for the username being used to perform the initial search when doing search + bind authentication |
| `ycql_ldap_search_attribute` | `uid` attribute | Attribute to match against the username in the search when doing search + bind authentication. If no attribute is specified, the `uid` attribute is used. |
| `ycql_ldap_search_filter` | (empty) | Search filter to use when doing search + bind authentication |
```
